{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 AvenirNext-Regular;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 AvenirNext-Italic;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 AvenirNext-Bold;\f5\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
\f6\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\pard\tx0\tx0\tx567\tx1134\tx1701\sl312\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 TEMPLATE VERSION: V1.0.1
\f1\b0 \
This project template shows how to combine Scrivener and the scientific and technical publishing system, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://quarto.org/"}}{\fldrslt Quarto}}. Quarto is basically an opinionated wrapper around {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://pandoc.org/"}}{\fldrslt Pandoc}}, including templates for multiple outputs alongside numerous filters and extensions. \
\pard\tx0\tx0\tx567\tx1134\tx1701\sl312\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs30 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx0\tx0\tx567\tx1134\tx1701\sl312\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 As I already demonstrate how to use\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/iandol/scrivomatic"}}{\fldrslt Scrivener with pandoc}}, it was trivial to add a new workflow for supporting the use of Scrivener with the new technical and scientific publishing system,\'a0Quarto. Quarto bundles Pandoc along with a set of extensions and templates to provide an\'a0
\f3\i all-in-one
\f1\i0 \'a0experience, including Tufte-like output, extensive cross-referencing of equations tables figures & code, and running code (R, Python, Julia, Dot, Mermaid etc.) to generate figures and complex layouts.\
\
Because Scrivener supports Pandoc-flavoured markdown and automated post-processing, it also supports Quarto. However, for cross-referencing it places the labels at the end of the line, which conflicts with Scrivener\'92s block style injection of markup. A small mod of an existing\'a0
\f3\i pandoc-crossref
\f1\i0 \'a0post-processing script solved this problem. The script run from the post-processing pane of the Scrivener compiler runs quarto automatically after tweaking the path and fixing the cross-references.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs30 \cf0 \
\pard\tx0\tx0\tx567\tx1134\tx1701\sl312\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 Most features of Quarto can be enabled via three routes:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl312\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Enabled using\'a0
\f4\b Scrivener styles
\f1\b0 \'a0\'97 example: Callouts, Live Code. The only caveat is Scrivener doesn\'92t allow paragraph [block] styles to be nested.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Enabled using\'a0
\f4\b Scrivener Section Layouts
\f1\b0 \'a0\'97 example: Multipanel images / tables using cross-referencing attributes. This method enables nested blocks.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
You can always write\'a0
\f3\i plain markdown
\f1\i0 \'a0in the editor if you prefer\'85\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs30 \cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx0\tx0\tx567\tx1134\tx1701\sl312\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \cb2 Quarto\'92s\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://quarto.org/docs/guide/"}}{\fldrslt documentation is excellent}}. Some of the cool features that Quarto includes:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl312\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Panels with sub-figures and sub-tables.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Based on Tufte, you can use margins for notes, figures, equations etc. Layout can be modified to\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://quarto.org/docs/authoring/article-layout.html"}}{\fldrslt span the page in many ways}}.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Comprehensive cross-referencing, using Pandoc\'92s\'a0
\f5 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 <$Scr_Cs::0>
\f6\fs22 @citation
\f5\fs24 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
<!$Scr_Cs::0>
\f1 \'a0markup (based on\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/lierdakil/pandoc-crossref"}}{\fldrslt pandoc-crossref}}). For sub-figures / tables, it will add labels, like Figure 3(c) and these can be customised in th metadata.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Academic author + affiliation metadata \'absimilar to\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/iandol/scrivomatic"}}{\fldrslt scrivomatic}}\'a0and\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/pandoc-scholar/pandoc-scholar"}}{\fldrslt pandoc scholar}}\'bb.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Run Python, R, Julia code \'93live\'94 to plot figures on each compile.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	6	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Use graphing engines like\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://mermaid-js.github.io/"}}{\fldrslt Mermaid}}\'a0and\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://graphviz.org/"}}{\fldrslt Graphviz}}.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	7	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
HTML output has lots of cool tweaks, see\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://quarto-dev.github.io/quarto-gallery/page-layout/tufte.html"}}{\fldrslt https://quarto-dev.github.io/quarto-gallery/page-layout/tufte.html}}\'a0for example.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	8	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Quarto allows\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://quarto.org/docs/extensions/"}}{\fldrslt installable extensions}}, so you can plug in new layout templates and code to extend its powers!\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs30 \cf0 \cb1 \
\
\pard\tx0\tx0\tx567\tx1134\tx1701\sl312\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \cb2 Quarto install almost everything required (you can use it to manage Pandoc, LaTeX, Graphviz, Mermaid and other tools all-in-one). For LaTeX it can install and update\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://yihui.org/tinytex/"}}{\fldrslt TinyTeX}}, allowing a small install footprint and automated addition of packages from CTAN.\
}