{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2707
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 AvenirNext-Regular;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 AvenirNext-Bold;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 AvenirNext-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red192\green239\blue251;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c79200\c94900\c98800;}
\pard\tx0\tx0\tx567\tx1134\tx1701\sl312\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The section type 
\f1 <$Scr_Cs::1>
\f2\fs22 Attributes .. Header & Text
\f1\fs24 <!$Scr_Cs::1>
\f0  can be used to override the depth of the current binder item; that is to say, change the number of hashes before the title. Place the desired number of hashes in the 
\f1 <$Scr_Cs::1>
\f2\fs22 Attributes
\f1\fs24 <!$Scr_Cs::1>
\f0  metadata field with no space at the end.  \
\
The 
\f3\b Section Layouts
\f0\b0  received a new prefix: 
\f1 <$Scr_Cs::1>
\f2\fs22 []\{#scriv<$linkID>\}
\f1\fs24 <!$Scr_Cs::1>
\f0 . This allows us to create links to text {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://0CD37C9C-B62F-44D6-9290-BE255E64CBCC"}}{\fldrslt [sections without a Header}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://F1AA3BE0-F47B-44A4-9681-B165BEDB56C7"}}{\fldrslt  element](<$linkID>)}}.   \
\
There is a new 
\f3\b Section Layout
\f0\b0  and a new 
\f3\b Section Type
\f0\b0  to provide support for the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/pandoc-ext/multibib"}}{\fldrslt Multibib}} lua filter. To use it, create a new section, choose the 
\f4\i Multibib
\f0\i0  section type, then add the bibliography file path to the 
\f3\b Path
\f0\b0  custom metadata field. In this way, we can create complex bibliographies with ease, spliting primary and secondary sources.  \
\
This is particularly with the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/tarleb/citation-backlinks"}}{\fldrslt citation-backlinks}} filter, that links back from the reference in the bibliography to each inline citation in the text. In practice, this means that now Citeproc can be used to create indexes!  \
\
Create a new file with the following content:  \
\
\pard\tx0\tx0\tx567\tx1134\tx1701\sl312\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \cb2 <$Scr_Ps::0>
\f2 @book\{Hom,\
author = \{Homerus Epic.,\},\
title = \{0012\},\
note = \{8BC. \\emph\{Aliases\}: \uc0\u8013 \u956 \u951 \u961 \u959 \u962  Homerus Homero\},\
annote = \{Homero\},\
url = \{https://catalog.perseus.org/catalog/urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0012\}\
\}\
\
@book\{Plat,\
author = \{Plato Phil.,\},\
title = \{0059\},\
note = \{Atheniensis, 5-4BC. \\emph\{Aliases\}: \uc0\u928 \u955 \u940 \u964 \u969 \u957  Plato Plat\'e3o\},\
annote = \{Plat\'e3o\},\
url = \{https://catalog.perseus.org/catalog/urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0059\}\
\}\
\
@book\{Arist,\
author = \{Aristotelis Phil.,\},\
title = \{0086\},\
note = \{Stagirites, 4BC. \\emph\{Aliases\}: \uc0\u7944 \u961 \u953 \u963 \u964 \u959 \u964 \u941 \u955 \u951 \u962  Aristotelis Arist\'f3teles\},\
annote = \{Arist\'f3teles\},\
url = \{https://catalog.perseus.org/catalog/urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0086\}\
\}\
```\
\pard\tx0\tx0\tx567\tx1134\tx1701\sl312\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \cb1 <!$Scr_Ps::0>
\f0 \
\
And another file, with the following:\
\
\pard\tx0\tx0\tx567\tx1134\tx1701\sl312\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \cb2 <$Scr_Ps::0>
\f2 ```latex\
@book\{\uc0\u963 \u8182 \u962 ,\
author = \{\uc0\u963 \u8182 \u962 \},\
title = \{\{s\uc0\u333 s\}\},\
note = \{\uc0\u9633  \\emph\{la.\} incolumis\},\
annote = \{\uc0\u963 \u8182 \u962 \}\
\}\
\
@book\{\uc0\u963 \u969 \u966 \u961 \u959 \u963 \u973 \u957 \u951 ,\
author = \{\uc0\u963 \u969 \u966 \u961 \u959 \u963 \u973 \u957 \u951 \},\
title = \{\{s\uc0\u333 phrosyn\u275 \}\},\
note = \{\uc0\u9633  \\emph\{syn.\} temperantia \u9633  \\emph\{en.\} temperance, self-restraint, self-control  \u9633  \\emph\{de.\} Besonnenheit, Beherrschtheit\},\
annote = \{\uc0\u963 \u969 \u966 \u961 \u959 \u963 \u973 \u957 \u951 \}\
\}\
```\
\pard\tx0\tx0\tx567\tx1134\tx1701\sl312\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \cb1 <!$Scr_Ps::0>
\f0 \
Now add the path to each file to the appropriate text section below and compile to see the result.\
}